# Karina's Portfolio!

In this repository, I have uploaded some deliverables from various projects I have worked on outside of the classroom.
1. 🌊 Sparse Matrices in Optimizing Model Efficiency: I worked on this project as a part of Clemson University’s Summer 2020 COURAGE REU. I worked on-on-one with a professor to utilize and modify a large-scale Python model, the Mathematical Ocean Prototype, to increase its efficiency while retaining accuracy and decreased model run time for smaller sized computations. I analyzed matrix multiplication methods and worked with various sparse matrix formats to diagnose inefficiencies by analyzing model profiling results and output. The results of my project can be viewed at [Clemson REU Report.pdf](https://github.com/kcsantoso/portfolio/blob/main/Clemson%20REU%20Report.pdf).

2. ⚽️ Ongoing Partnership with UCLA Athletics: I served as a Lead Sports Analyst employed by UCLA Athletics to lead a group of UCLA students to track and visualize athlete statistics through PowerBI and Python to provide recommendations to assist coaches in optimizing performance and reducing injury. This involved both more front end work of developing new metrics and ways to visualize the information, as well as back end work to connect various data sources into a central server that pulls new data hourly. Though much of this work is protected by an NDA, you can see the demo presentation we gave to the broader UCLA data science community at [Athletics Demo Day Presentation.pdf](https://github.com/kcsantoso/portfolio/blob/main/Athletics%20Demo%20Day%20Presentation.pdf).

3. 👀 EyeWalk: I worked on a team of undergraduate and MBA students to create an original product called EyeWalk, a route mapping app for pedestrians that prioritizes safety, deemed the program’s winning project after pitching to judges. I was responsible for the data science aspect of the application, including but not limited to obtaining and manipulating data from the city of LA and used it to create algorithms to determine and compare the safety levels of different routes to generate optimal paths for users based on preferences. You can view our pitch deck at [EyeWalk Pitch Deck.pdf](https://github.com/kcsantoso/portfolio/blob/main/EyeWalk%20Pitch%20Deck.pdf).

4. 🎶 Additionally, check out [this article](https://ucladatares.medium.com/visualizing-trends-and-patterns-in-pitchfork-reviews-cad1a130869b) that I wrote with some UCLA classmates over the course of 10 weeks. I served as the project lead for this project and was responsible for timely delivery of the article as well as running meetings and setting deadlines.

5. ⚖️ COMING SOON: A paper I worked on through UCLA's CAM REU has been submitted for publication for the Justice Evaluation Journal. The paper utilizes methods of time series analysis, such as change point analysis and ARIMA, on datasets provided by the City of LA to determine the effect of the pandemic on the efficacy of gang reduction and youth development programs.
